5-Part Blitz
1. Montenegro, Serbia, and Croatia all border what country?
A: Bosnia and Herzegovina
2. What animal is in the bottom left corner of Courbet's Painter's Studio? Also Old Yeller.
A: dog
3. The largest terrestrial time zone difference on Earth is how long in hours?
A: 3.5 hours
4. What open-source chess website is the main competitor to chess.com?
A: lichess
5. Beethoven's 17th Piano Sonata shares its nickname with what Shakespeare play titled after a storm?
A: Tempest

Double Jump
6. What company recently partnered with SpaceX, allowing its users increased usage of Claude Code?
A: Anthropic
7. Anthropic recently adjusted its policies relating to this concern of Andrew Zeng and the SAIA club.
A: AI safety/alignment

Double Jump
8. What two word phrase refers to the state and name of a jotunn after his steed Gullfaxi loses a race to Sleipnir?
A: drunk Hrungnir
9. Hrungnir is closely related to the Hurrian Ullikummi, who was slain by Teshub, a god of this domain.
A: weather or thunder

Streak
10. You have 20 seconds and 5 seconds between each streak answer. Name up to 8 cities that have teams from the Big Four sports leagues.
A: Boston
A: Chicago
A: Texas
A: Denver
A: Detroit
A: Los Angeles
A: Miami
A: Minneapolis-Saint Paul
A: New York
A: Philadelphia
A: San Francisco
A: Washington D.C.

Jackpot
14. Stanford's HR system, PeopleSoft HCM, will be replaced by a modern cloud-based system known by this word.
15. This word names the twenty-first major release of macOS, following Sonoma.
16. Home to the former workplace of Tim Morrison, the Statistics Department at Stanford is headquartered at a building titled for this word.
17. Giant redwood trees reside in a national park titled for this word.
A: Sequioa

Set of 3: Video Games
18. The Complete Saga, Batman, Indiana Jones, and Harry Potter examples of what specific set of games developed by Warner Bros?
A: Lego
19. Put on and tighten the wrist strap. Hold the [this item] securely.
A: Wii Remote (Wii Mote)
20. Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup, Enter the Gungeon, the Binding of Isaac, and Slay the Spire are all examples of what genre game?
A: Rogue-Like (Rogue-Lite)


5-Part Blitz
21. The Ark of the Covenant, the briefcase from Pulp Fiction, and the Maltese Falcon are all examples of what plot device describing an object that is necessary to the plot but insignificant in itself?
A: MacGuffin
22. Gunther Schuller coined the term for what genre of music merging Western classical music with jazz, exemplified by Sketches of Spain?
A: third stream
23. Albert bikes 12 mph on a path and bikes 8 mph back. What mean must one take to find the average speed Albert biked?
A: Harmonic mean
24. Designed to point negative feng shui energy at the Bank of China Tower, what Norman Foster building in Hong Kong features two bronze lions, mirroring a similar set of lions in Shanghai?
A: HSBC main building
25. What secret police force founded in 1948 was first directed by Gheorghe Pintilie and is headquartered at Bucharest?
A: Securitate

Splits: Star Wars Lightsabers & Literature
Star Wars Lightsabers
26. Description acceptable. Darth Traya wields three lightsabers in what manner, also used by Kylo Ren to kill Snoke?
A: the force, floating, description acceptable
27. Bastila Shan, Revan as a sentinel, and Rey Skywalker wield what non-blue color lightsaber?
A: yellow
28. Han Solo, Maz Kanata, Padme Amidala, and Ben Kenobi all wielded what lightsaber at some point in their lives?
A: Skywalker saber
29. The malfunctioning of one of these sabers led to the death of the Fifth Brother; name these helicopter lightsabers that grant their users the ability to fly.
A: inquisitor lightsabers

Literature
30. Dog Days, Ugly Truth, Last Straw, Hard Luck, Long Haul, Rodrick Rules are all part of what series?
A: Diary of a Wimpy Kid
31. This work tells the story of the title character hatching and becoming a butterfly.
A: The Very Hungry Caterpillar
32. Name this Norwegian author of Novel 11 Book 18 and Shyness and Dignity.
A: Dag Solstad
33. Name this author who will write The Sixth Faction, which will depict Beatrice Prior choosing a non-Dauntless faction.
A: Veronica Roth

Double Jump
34. Susan Barton, Footsteps, Pyrenees, Xuri, and Friday are all stock words for what novel?
A: Robinson Crusoe
35. The most successful "Robinsonade" novel, what Johann David Wyss novel depicts a titular Swiss family building a settlement after getting marooned on an island?
A: Swiss Family Robinson

Double Jump
36. The accrual of thousands of dollars of unreimbursed funds was the consequence of what action by Andrew Zeng?
A: buying boba for clubs
37. Tim Morrison named his WAO 3 team after some boba debt meme. Name his three teammates.
A: Denis, Ankit, Allan

Set of 4: Trees at Stanford
38. What is the common name for trees characterized by smooth orange or red back and stiff, twisting branches named after the Spanish diminutive of apple?
A: Manzanita
39. Built in 1917 to house women, name this oldest dormitory at Stanford, taking its name from the Spanish word for oak tree. It also names a grass field across the street from farillaga.
A: Roble
40. Sometimes a cardinal, the Tree serves as Stanford's what?
A: mascot
41. A massive blue oak is adjacent to what auditorium South of Tresidder?
A: Dinkelspiel

Jackpot
42. What character, in a revised ending, "drove his right foot so far into the ground that it sank up to his waist; then in a passion he seized his left foot with both hands and tore himself in two?"
43. Brewer's Dictionary of Phrase & Fable defines this character's name as "wrinkled foreskin" or "prepuce."
44. A glass bead necklace, a glass ring, and the first-born child are the payments to this figure for spinning straw into gold.
45. Name this fairy-tale character who boastfully hops around a fire and unknowningly reveals his name to the queen.
A: Rumpelstiltskin

Set of 5
Given descriptions of two words with one letter difference give both words.
46. A verb meaning to quickly rush forward (often in the context of a military attack) and money that is returned when payment exceeds the due amount.
A: charge and change
47. The past participle of a verb meaning to cut off wool and the intense feeling of contempt or disdain.
A: shorn and scorn
48. Excrement and the second part of an onomatopeia of a doorbell
A: dung and dong
49. To vigorously bite down on something and slang for a gullible or foolish person.
A: chomp and chump
50. Killing monsters repeatedly for rare drops or gold and the release of intestinal gas through the anus.
A: farm and fart

Splits: 2025-26 NBA & Elliptic Curves
NBA
51. What TikTok influencer with Filipino heritage was traded to Oklahoma City by the 76ers to avoid the luxury tax?
A: Jared McCain
52. The 76ers and the Pistons both secured wins against their playoff opponents after having what seemingly insurmountable deficit?
A: 3-1
53. Three months after crashing a camouflaged Hummer, what oft-injured star fathered a child with Ana Montana named LaOne?
A: LaMelo Ball
54. Kevin Durant dubbed this feat as "pretty crazy [and one] that takes a lot of stamina" while Robert Horry stated that "there were moments in this game where [the game] was not respected."
A: Bam Adebayo's 83 point game

Elliptic Curves
55. Elliptic Curves, like Lattices, have applications in what field which underpins the security of the modern internet?
A: public-key cryptography
56. Elliptic Curves were used in this mathematician's proof of FLT.
A: Andrew Wiles
57. The standard form of Elliptic Curves are named for what German mathematician who co-names an analysis theorem with Bolzano?
A: Weierstrass
58. Elliptic curves are often taken over finite one of what algebraic structures which are defined as a set of elements with addition and multiplication that behave like rational numbers?
A: fields

Set of 3
59. What American actor voiced Howl from Howl's Moving Castle and played both Ken Miles in Ford v Ferrari and Bruce Wayne in the Dark Knight trilogy?
A: Christian Bale
60. The Bygone Days is the theme song for what Studio Ghibli movie featuring a bounty hunter pilot transformed into a pig?
A: Porco Rosso
61. Eighth notes E, E, E, E down to D, E, high A, E, sixteenth note D, long D comprise the iconic melody of what theme from Spirited Away?
A: One Summer's Day (ano natsu e)

Jailbreak
62. The Plague of Justinian killed about a fifth of the population of Constantinople during what decade?
A: 540s
63. Anissa, Lucan, Thragg, Conquest, Omni-Man, and Invincible are all what species?
A: viltrumite
64. Movement in Squares was the seminal work of Bridget Riley in what style that uses precise geometric patterns and lines to create illusions of motion on static surfaces?
A: Op Art (Optical Art)
65. What sixteenth largest Canadian city, formerly formerly called "Pile O' Bones" is known as the "Queen City" and is the capital of Saskatchewan?
A: Regina
66. Coffee and leftover pie are all Laufey's had while experiencing what four letter feeling, which can be the result of sore throat, heartbreak, and fevers?
A: sick
67. Frank Lloyd Wright's Gammage is a performing arts center within what university led by President Michael Crow featuring alumni as James Harden and Bryan Ugaz?
A: ASU
68. What bastard son of Ned Stark and Lord Commander of the Nightwatch shares his name with the London Cholera guy?
A: Jon Snow
69. Brenda, Robert, Stan, Bruce, Harper, Spike, and Allan are all notable figures with what last name?
A: Lee
70. Bruno and Rose are singing a song that is two minutes long. To the nearest integer, how long is their song in hours?
A: 0
71. Jean-Conrad Hottinguer, Pierre Bellamy, and Lucien Hauteval were labeled with what letters during an affair that led to the Quasi-War?
A: XYZ
72. What poem ends with the lines "a savage servility / slides by on grease" and is set near Augustus Saint-Gaudens' Memorial to Robert Gould Shaw?
A: For the Union Dead
73. James Charles called a former employee of what airline a "lazy piece of shit" after she lost her job along with 17,000 others?
A: Spirit Airlines
74. What two-word phrase can describe the key influence behind a result and is also the name of the protein that initiates male sex determination in mammals?
A: determining factor
75. You will be given a description of two people. Give the name of either. The head coach of the Nebraska Cornhuskers women's college volleyball team from 2000 to 2024 and the lead singer of BTS.
A: John Cook or Jungkook

Jackpot
76. This talisman grants the power of levitation to the user in Jackie Chan Adventures.
77. A castrated or neutered one of these animals is known as a Capon.
78. This animal is the tenth of the 12-year cycle of animals that appear in the Chinese zodiac.
79. The crow of one of these animals is said to be able to kill a basilisk.
A: cock, chicken, rooster

Streak
80. Name up to ten primes between 110 and 200.
A: 113
A: 127
A: 131
A: 137
A: 139
A: 149
A: 151
A: 157
A: 163
A: 167
A: 173
A: 179
A: 181
A: 191
A: 193
A: 197
A: 199

Set of 4: Harry Potter Characters
85. After getting caught by snatchers, Ron Weasley used what Knight Bus conductor's name as an alias?
A: Stan Shunpike
86. Ironically, an employee of the Misuse of Muggle Artefacts office, who is the patriarch of the Weasley family?
A: Arthur Weasley
87. The sister of Bellatrix and Narcissa, name the wife of Edward and mother of Nymphadora Tonks.
A: Andromeda Black (Tonks)
88. Best friends with a witch named Leanne, name this witch who was given a package by Madame Rosmerta and was also a Gryffindor chaser in the year above Harry.
A: Katie Bell

12-Part Blitz
89. What composer was inspired by a trip to Cornwall with Harriet Cohen to compose the symphonic poem Tintagel?
A: Arnold Bax
90. Fin de siecle refers to the a period of social degeneracy during the end of what century?
A: 19th
91. What physicist fabricated 2-kilobyte arrays with device diameters down to 5 micrometers, achieving memory densities up to 2,500 bits/mm^2?
A: Danny "Zirun" Han
92. A notable alum of Hunter High school who was thrown into a trash can by a later rapper, what composer of Moana also wrote the lyrics to Hamilton?
A: Lin Manuel Miranda
93. Louis Kahn and Robert Venturi were based in what city which houses the Vanna Houhse and the Liberty Bell?
A: Philadelphia
94. A new nation, conceived in Liberty was brought forth how many years before Abraham Lincoln gave the Gettysburg Address?
A: 87 prompt on four score and 7 years ago
95. What German-Jamaican tennis player famously defeated Rafael Nadal at both the Halle Open in 2024 and Wimbledon in 2015?
A: Dustin Brown
96. The sister of Princess Peach, name this matriarch who reads from a storybook to star-like creatures called Lumas.
A: Rosalina
97. The Congress Plaza hotel across from the Grant Park is in what city, which hosted the 1893 Colombian Exposition?
A: Chicago
98. Give the name of this famous Taiwanese pastry often gifted during the Lunar New Year, with a buttery, shortbread-like curst and a thick, sweet-tart namesake filling?
A: Pineapple Cake (Fengli su)
99. Name the number of characters in the misfit group The Mighty Nein, which consists of Jester, Molly, Yasha, Caleb, Beau, Nott the Brave, and Fjord.
A: seven
100. What work introduces Nico and Bianca, and depicts Percy and Annabeth on a quest to rescue Artemis?
A: Titan's Curse
